Li Yao, how do you talk to your grandfather?
No big or small
Apologize to grandpa quickly
I just say what's on my mind
Why apologize?
Do you know why I saved him?
Because he is Xueyao's uncle
Even if Bai Tianyu wanted to poison Xueyao
Xue Yao can't bear to do anything to him
That's why I did it.
You are Xueyao's grandfather
You let me and Xueyao leave now
Don't make it difficult for Xueyao
I will also save you.
Dad, let your mother shit
My dad is in great health
Nothing to raise
What's your heart, you trash?
I actually cursed my grandfather for being sick
A villain like you
The heart is more twisted than anyone else
The old man wakes up every morning recently
The heart goes down an inch
Do you often have dull pain?
Get up and drink some hot water
Can the symptoms be relieved or even subsided?
How do you know that?
Anyway, only I can save your disease
And you only have two days to live.
If you want to live
Call Shenyang